README.md, before:

I'd like to [post](http://zipcpu.com) about some simple and some basic
[Phase Locked Loop](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phase-locked_loop) algorithms.
To do this I'm going to need some demo code, which I'll keep in this repository.

## Blog posts

I expect a couple of [blog posts](http://zipcpu.com) coming up on this
topic.  For now, I'll probably post first about:

1. How to build a [Numerically Controlled Oscillator (NCO)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Numerically_controlled_oscillator) within an [FPGA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Field-programmable_gate_array).

2. I can then present the [first simple PLL](rtl/sdpll.v), and it might
   even make sense to those who read it.

This is all if the [Lord is
willing](https://www.blueletterbible.org/kjv/jas/4/15/).

## License

All of the source code in this repository is released under the
[GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).  If these conditions
are not sufficient for your needs, other licenses terms may be purchased.
(*Gosh, for just $200 I might even release the code in this repository under
the [LGPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.en.html).*)

Commit message:

Updated the README to reflect the two zipcpu.com articles

README.md, after:

I'd like to [post](http://zipcpu.com) about some simple and some basic
[Phase Locked Loop](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phase-locked_loop) algorithms.
To do this I'm going to need some demo code, which I'll keep in this repository.

## Blog posts

I recently [posted](http://zipcpu.com) two articles describing the components
of a basic [PLL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phase-locked_loop), and hence
the implementation found in this repository.  These are:

1. [How to build a Numerically Controlled Oscillator (NCO)](http://zipcpu.com/dsp/2017/12/09/nco.html) within an [FPGA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Field-programmable_gate_array).

2. [The Logic PLL](http://zipcpu.com/dsp/2017/12/14/logic-pll.html) based upon the code in [rtl/sdpll.v](rtl/sdpll.v).

If the [Lord is
willing](https://www.blueletterbible.org/kjv/jas/4/15/), I may go deeper
and describe some other 
[PLL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phase-locked_loop) implementations as well.

## License

All of the source code in this repository is released under the
[GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).  If these conditions
are not sufficient for your needs, other licenses terms may be purchased.
(*Gosh, for just $250 I might even release the code in this repository under
the [LGPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.en.html).*)
